What your delete flow now does

When a custom category is deleted:

The system retrieves the category name and workspace.

Merchant learning rules pointing to that category are removed.

The category itself is soft-deleted (isActive = false).

All steps run in one transaction, so partial states cannot occur.

Resulting data behavior
Historical receipts

Existing receipts retain their stored label.

Example:

receipt_id | report_label
-----------|--------------
4211       | Home Repairs Test

These remain visible in:

exports

P&L reports

insights

historical filtering

That preserves financial history.

Future receipts

Because the merchant rule was deleted:

merchant_category_rules → cleaned

The system no longer auto-applies the retired label. Future receipts fall back to:

rule → none
↓
AI classification
↓
user correction if needed
Why this is the correct accounting model

Financial systems should behave this way:

Operation	Expected behavior
Rename category	historical receipts update
Delete category	historical receipts remain unchanged
Automation rules	removed so they don't create new entries

You achieved exactly that separation.

What your server log confirms

Your log:

[merchant-learning] Deleted 1 rule(s) for retired category "Home Repairs Test"

shows that the cleanup happened before the next receipt arrived. The new receipt appearing without a label proves the learning engine was correctly reset.

Edge cases you already handled well

Transaction ensures rule deletion and category deletion stay consistent.

Workspace scoping prevents cross-user rule removal.

Historical labels remain intact for reporting.

These eliminate the most common failure modes.

System state now

Your category system now supports:

create category
rename category (propagates)
delete category (stops learning, preserves history)
merchant learning rules
AI fallback
user correction
analytics tracking

That is a fully stable lifecycle for categories.

One thing to expect in real usage

Users may still see historical labels in reports after deletion. That is intentional, but some users occasionally ask why.

A small message in the categories UI such as:

Deleting a category stops future use but keeps historical receipts unchanged.

prevents confusion.